DOCSP-33427: split large cs events (#145)
mongodb/docs-kotlin: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/change-streams.txt

feature that allows your application to subscribe to data changes on a single
collection, database, or deployment. You can specify a set of aggregation
operators to filter and transform the data your application receives. When
connecting to a MongoDB deployment running version 6.0 or later, you can
configure the events to include the document data before and after the

> change.

Reviewer: 👍 
Alternatively, "When connecting to MongoDB v6.0 or later, ..." but I guess this version makes it consistent to the intro paragraph of Split Large Change Stream Events.

Author: changed for concision!

   resumeToken={...},
   ...

.. _kotlin-change-stream-split-large-event:

Split Large Change Stream Events
--------------------------------

When connecting to a MongoDB deployment running version 7.0 or later,
you can use the ``$changeStreamSplitLargeEvent`` aggregation operator to
split event documents that exceed 16 MB into smaller fragments.

> Use the ``$changeStreamSplitLargeEvent`` operator only when necessary. For

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be helpful to identify the specific condition in this sentence, even though I think I wrote the same thing in the Java docs.

```suggestion
Use the ``$changeStreamSplitLargeEvent`` operator only when you expect
the change stream events to exceed the 16 MB document size limit. For
```
